Fix windows availability in README (#13)
breez/breez-sdk-go: README.md

Any changes to the Breez SDK, the Go bindings, and the configuration of this Go package must be made via the [breez-sdk](https://github.com/breez/breez-sdk) repo.

> To release a new version of this package, go to the Actions tab of this GitHub repository. Then select the *Publish Go Package* workflow and run it on the `main` branch. It will ask for a version as input. This allows you to specify the version (e.g., *0.0.1*) of the [breez-sdk](https://github.com/breez/breez-sdk) repository that should be released as a Go package.

Reviewer: I see a line change here, so I'll comment:

```suggestion
To release a new version of this package, go to the Actions tab of the https://github.com/breez/breez-sdk GitHub repository. Then select the *Publish All Packages* workflow and fill in the form with the required version. 
```

Author: Not sure how that line got recommitted, but happy you picked up on it!
